RFC: persisted operations (#253)
graphql/graphql-over-http: rfcs/PersistedOperations.md

# Persisted Operations

This RFC is intended to add (Automatic) Persisted Operations to the spec. A persisted operation contains
a _hash_ of the `operation` that we are sending to the server, the server can translate this to the proper
`operation` and execute it.

With Persisted Operations we have a few goals:

- Reduce request transfer size (GraphQL documents have a deterministic size)
- Support caching (avoid running into max-url size constraints when using the `GET` HTTP method)
- Lock down the amount of request permutations (the server can choose to only accept persisted operations it is aware of)

## Flow

### Producing the document-id

> To produce a deterministic `documentId` we need a standardised way of stringifying to a minimal relevantdocument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To produce a deterministic `documentId` we need a standardised way of stringifying to a minimal relevant document.
```
